Add WP multisite FAQ to plugin docs (#55)
10up/ads-txt: README.md

We plan on adding support for this file in the future! If you'd like to follow along with development or even help us get it done, please see #40.

> ### What about using this on a multisite setup?
> 
> You can only have one ads.txt for a given domain or subdomain per the [ads.txt spec](https://iabtechlab.com/ads-txt/), it is site-by-site but if it’s a multisite subfolder install then only the main site will actually do anything.  Our recommendation is to only activate Ads.txt Manager per-site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I use this with multisite?

Yes! However, if you are using a subfolder installation it will only work for the main site. This is because you can only have one ads.txt for a given domain or subdomain per the [ads.txt spec](https://iabtechlab.com/ads-txt/).  Our recommendation is to only activate Ads.txt Manager per-site.
```
